# DaProxy

Simple reverse proxy and HTTP server written in NodeJS using node-http-proxy
and node-http-server.

This server is meant for development use, but it is based on production-ready
proxy server from NodeJitsu. It is capable of listening on port 80 and thus
serving as a frontend server. It serves static files and has support for
directory indexes.

This package was previously known as DevProxy, but has been since renamed to
avoid conflicts with other packages on NPM.

## Installation

Install directly from this repository:

    npm install daproxy

This creates a `proxy` command that you can use to start the proxy.

## Summary

    proxy
    proxy [-c] FILE
    proxy [-p PORT] [-t TARGET] [-r ROOT_URL] [-s STATIC_DIR] [-n]

Run the following command to get more information about the relevant command
line options:

    node proxy.js -h

### `FILE`

This argument is an optional configuration file that can be used to customize
the defaults. The file should contain a single object with following optional 
keys:

 + `baseDir`: Base directory for static files (default: 'www')
 + `target`: Target host to be proxied (default: 'http://localhost:80/api')
 + `rootPath`: The path at which proxied host is accessed locally (default:
   path portion of `target`)
 + `port`: Port on which the proxy will listen (default: '8080')
 + `noLang`: Whether to prevent relaying of the 'Accept-Language' header 
   (default: false)

The target host URL can use both http and https protocols. Currently username
and password embedded in the URL will be ignored. Please use some other form of
authentication if possible. The port and path are honored. The path portion
will also be used as the default value of `rootPath`.

The `noLang` option can be useful on misbehaving API servers that redirect to
language-specific URL instead of responding to requests. If you detect that the
responses are always redirects or HTTP 404 at wrong URL, try setting this
option to true. It is generally safe to have this set to `true` on most API
servers, since API servers are not supposed to honor the `Accept-Language`
header anyway.

Example can be found in `example/proxy.json`.

## Volo target

Take a look at `eample/volofile` for an example `serve` target that uses this
script.

## Support

This is an internal tool used at CloudHorizon. Although it is publicly
accessible, and we generally support it for our own needs, don't expect to get
support for it or anythhing along those lines. But reports are welcome, though,
and we usually respond to them. Patches and pull requests are even more
welcome.

## Known issues

 + This server always listens on all interfaces. This is not (yet) 
   configurable.
 + The URLs returned from the target host are not rewritten.

